Gina Haspel is precisely the person we need to lead the Central Intelligence Agency at this critical time. Here’s why.

As Director of National Intelligence and leader of the U.S. Intelligence Community, I have testified before Congress and spoken publicly that we currently face the most complex, volatile and diverse threat environment in modern times.

Over the past year as DNI, I have had the opportunity to get to know Gina and have developed a close and trusting working relationship with her.

Gina has often joined me and other senior national security leaders for intelligence briefings to President Trump; and he, along with the rest of the team, benefits from the unique perspective she brings to these briefings.

Gina has clearly demonstrated that she is a person of high integrity with valuable frontline and executive experience as a career intelligence officer, one who is willing to speak truth to power when required on behalf of our nation.

If confirmed as CIA director, Gina is committed to making sure we never have to relearn lessons of the past.

I ask my former colleagues in the Senate to do the right thing for our country by confirming Gina.

Gina is a trailblazer who has earned this opportunity by serving this country in challenging assignments at home and abroad.

Acting CIA Director Gina Haspel got another boost this morning, with the Senate Intelligence Committee voting to recommend her confirmation as CIA Director to the full Senate.

"Gina is committed to making sure we never have to relearn lessons of the past,” Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats writes in an op-ed for USA Today.

Gina Haspel fits the bill.

Gina Haspel’s confirmation is central to our national security.

Last week, the Senate confirmed then-Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Pompeo to be America’s 70th Secretary of State. Upon Secretary Pompeo’s swearing-in, CIA Deputy Director Gina Haspel assumed the role of Acting Director for the Agency.

Haspel is President Donald J. Trump’s choice to succeed Mike Pompeo at the CIA’s helm on a permanent basis.

The President’s decision was an easy one. Like Secretary Pompeo, Haspel’s credentials as a public servant are far-reaching.

Haspel’s first overseas assignment was as a case officer in Africa.

 “The U.S. Senate can help protect our country by swiftly confirming Gina Haspel,” they write.

As with Secretary Pompeo, a number of public officials have put country above party to support Haspel’s nomination.

Haspel draws this bipartisan admiration because of her reputation for providing objective, unbiased assessments to policymakers.

The CIA workforce trusts Haspel to oversee these responsibilities.

The Senate should agree and confirm Haspel as swiftly as possible.
